Oh, I see.
Then you go home
How late is it?
Dad, I'm going to the office tonight.
Don't talk, I should be busy
Right
At least I have family
This absurd relationship
It's time for me to let go
The manager's villa has been sold
You can let finance connect with customers.
Mr. Lu specially explained this project for you to come
I'll record it directly with you, right?
I don't want to warn you
If you offend Mr. Lu, don't even think about it
Mr. Lu wants you to be your blessing
100,000 commission is already on your card
Serve Mr. Lu well
Mr. Lu
Why did you let him come again?
You go out first
So eager to come
It is to feel the benefit of quick money
I came to tell you
I will not accept this contract
100,000 I'll pay you back
We will never see each other again